Adding how to on caching (#329)
holoviz/lumen: docs/how_to/data_intake/cache.md

# How to use cache

:::{admonition} What does this guide solve?
:class: important

> This guide will go through how to cache large files for easier access.

Author: An important note is cache can also be used on local files in non-parquet file formats. This should maybe be expressed more explicitly. 
The reason this example uses remote files is so the user can run it on his own computer.

:::

## Caching file

> When working with large files, it can be very advantageous to cache it and therefore be able to save time when reloading the data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When working with large remote data, it can be advantageous to create a local cache to save time when reloading the data.
```

> To cache a [source](../../reference/source) is done by using `cache_dir` followed by a directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Caching a [source](../../reference/source) is done by using `cache_dir` followed by a directory.
```

If the directory does not exist, it will be created.

> Below is an example of caching a 370 MB file, and the table consists of almost 12 million rows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is an example of caching a 370 MB file that consists of almost 12 million rows.
```

:::{warning}
The initial load can take a couple of minutes as the file needs to be downloaded and cached first.
:::

::::{tab-set}

> :::{tab-item} Specification (YAML)

Reviewer: I don't really like the names `Specification (YAML)` and `Pipeline (Python)`.. there is a concept of specification in Python, and a pipeline in the YAML interface.. so it gets confusing..

I would just call it `YAML` and `Python`

Author: ```suggestion
:::{tab-item} YAML
```

:sync: yaml
``` {code-block} yaml
:emphasize-lines: 4
sources:
  large_source:
    type: file
    cache_dir: cache
    tables:
      large_table: https://s3.amazonaws.com/datashader-data/nyc_taxi_wide.parq
    kwargs:
      engine: fastparquet

targets:
  - title: Table
    source: large_source
    views:
      - type: table
        table: large_table
```

> _The non-emphasized lines are only there to see the table when running `lumen serve file.yaml`._

Reviewer: I don't think this is needed.. it's implied by the existence of the emphasis.

Author: Much of the YAML specification is boilerplate text for actually showing something on the dashboard. I like to be very explicit about that so people are not overwhelmed by it.

:::

> :::{tab-item} Pipeline (Python)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::{tab-item} Python
```

:sync: python
``` {code-block} python
:emphasize-lines: 8
from lumen.pipeline import Pipeline

data_url = "https://s3.amazonaws.com/datashader-data/nyc_taxi_wide.parq"
pipeline = Pipeline.from_spec(
    {
        "source": {
            "type": "file",
            "cache_dir": "cache",
            "tables": {"large_table": data_url},
            "kwargs": {"engine": "fastparquet"},
        },
    }
)
pipeline.data
```

> _The non-emphasized lines are only there to have a table to cache when running the code_

Reviewer: not needed

:::
::::

:::{note}

> Lumen's [cache]() can be added to all sources found [here](../../reference/source).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lumen's [cache]() can be added to all [source types](../../reference/source).
```
